Add _in_construct_mode to differentiate container init vs construct (#751)
hdmf-dev/hdmf: CHANGELOG.md

- Allow manual triggering of some GitHub Actions. @rly ([#744](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/744))
- Relax input validation of `HDF5IO` to allow for s3fs support. Existing arguments of `HDF5IO` are modified as follows: i) `mode` was given a default value of "r", ii) `path` was given a default value of `None`, and iii) `file` can now accept an `S3File` type argument. @bendichter ([#746](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/746))
- Added ability to create and get back handle to empty HDF5 dataset. @ajtritt (#747)
- Added `AbstractContainer._in_construct_mode` that is set and modified only by the ObjectMapper when constructing an

>   object from a builder read from a file. Subclasses of `AbstractContainer` can check `_in_construct_mode` to
>   determine whether to raise a warning or error when encountering invalid data (we want to be able to read and
>   fix data that is invalid but not create new data that is invalid). @rly (#751)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  object from a builder read from a file. Subclasses of `AbstractContainer` can check `_in_construct_mode` 
  during the initialization phase as part of ``__init__`` to distinguish between actions during construction
  (i.e., read from disk) vs. creation by the user, e.g., to determine whether to raise a warning or error when
  encountering invalid data to support reading and correcting data that is invalid while preventing creation
  of new data that is invalid. @rly (#751)
```
